Docs changelog 20250124 (#4091)
vertexproject/synapse: CHANGELOG.rst

Synapse Changelog
*****************

v2.195.0 - 2025-01-24
=====================

Automatic Migrations
--------------------
- Renormalized the ``:model`` property on ``transport:air:craft`` and
  ``transport:sea:vessel`` to normalize whitespace.
  (`#4090 <https://github.com/vertexproject/synapse/pull/4090>`_)
- See :ref:`datamigration` for more information about automatic migrations.

Model Changes
-------------

> - Added ``names`` property and ``alts`` definitions to the ``ou:id:type`` form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ``names`` property and ``alts`` definition to the ``ou:id:type:name`` property.
```
